### Run Slow to Run Fast

It seems counterintuitive to run slow to run fast but the premies  behind this idea is that the more time you spend on your feet the longer the distances you can run. So for running a marathon you need to be able to condition your body to spend literal HOURS of running. When running double digit distances it is best to do your training at 2+ minuet mile compared to race pace. So if you run a marathon at an 8:00 minuet mile splits you should be doing your training at a 10:00 minuet mile pace. 

### Be able to ZONE OUT and go to that dark place!

While running form multiple hours it can get boring. Doing the same task for that long can sometimes get monotonous and lets not disregard that your body is in pain. 


### Learning something about yourself along the way. 

From the four Marathons I have done one Ultra Marathon two Obstacle Course Race Marathons and One Road Marathon. I always cross the finish line in a very emotional sate. My most recent marathon the Highlander Assault King - Arthur Race, 26.2 and 100 obstacles. I ran with my savage brother in crime Truman. The last quarter mile of the laps is through the woods, there were 4 obstacles to go. I remember vividly getting to the woods and everything stopped hurting. I felt the weight being lifted off my shoulders and my legs. It was numbing, like as if the painkillers hit the peak of their high. But its easy to know where the pain goes and what it turns into. The pain becomes a knot in my chest. I think its the sense of accomplishment, willpower and relief that the finish line is within one lap around the track. The last 4 obstacles were: wall jumps, a rock climb, wall repel, then the monkey bar seesaw rig. It was so close. We had hit 26 mile mark running. To my right I hear Truman say "The pain is gone! I don't feel anything anymore. My knee doesn't hurt anymore!" I looked at him and said "Lets finish this Marathon!" I truly realized that the feeling I have felt at the end of these races he was feeling too. It is an intense feeling. One that I so hard to describe but I was so happy to share with one of my best friends. You start to get into a deep flow state in your mind, instantly thinking about all the training and preparation that went into finishing the race. Finally the last obstacle comes. I get though it in one try, I rang the bell at the end of the rig. My feet hit the ground I instantly clench my fists tuck my elbows to my side at a 90 degree angle yell "LETS GOOOO!" I look up and see the finish line. I sprint the 30 feet to the finish. I look behind me and see Truman finish. He instantly drops to his knees and I run up to him and say "Its over, you just ran your first marathon. I have seen a lot of people push through pain and fatigue but the dedication and grit that Truman showed that day truly changed the way that I thought about him and his characters willpower. It is an unexplainable feeling to push yourself through a marathon obstacle course race. But seeing your friend do it with a blown knee will forever remind me that the human body is capable of pretty much anything. You tell yourself you are going to do something incredible but until that is complete its just talk. When you push yourself to places you didn't know you could go to, just to prove to yourself that you can do it. Its a positive feature of your character. 

